  Introduction

      Libraries have an important place on human life. From a child to an adult ,all the people in case
    of need to get information.We can access to information from internet in a second but still there
    is a problem, it is not a enough to find an information , it must be reliable and referenced. In
    this case books are coming to help us and of course libraries too with them. OK, now we need to 
    anage the our libraries in the most efficient way and increase the power of the information more
    and more. So, our computer based-library system provides you to reach a book safely ,fast and 
    sharable. Also It provides a preserved data controlling and analyse the book and user usage in a 
    real-time application. A library should make the service receipents to use library more and access 
    to data safer and faster. A library system should being able to integrated easily from a smallest 
    library up to biggest one and this system already designed for this purpose.

  Project Scope

  	This library project aims to make people to do their needs in a short time but using the digital platforms. On this library system , 
  users can search the book and can see easily that book is exists or not in the library then quickly can open a registry and get the 
  book or copy. On worker side of the library system, they can follow the book and create a new register for user in seconds. The project 
  will be completed by 02/01/2018.
  
  	Project Objectives

The main aim of our project is to 

    • Provide simple library submission to get or take a book.

    • Provide track users simplier and faster.

    • Organized and recorded library platform.  

    • History of all events in the library.
    
    • The user can connect remotely with the library system.

    • Library manager(ADMIN) can add, edit and remove an user(s).

    • Library manager(ADMIN) can add, edit and remove a book category(s).

    • Library manager(ADMIN) can add, edit and remove a book(s).

        So, in summary object of the project is saving time in the library for users and managers.
